Minor fixes (#10)
eficode-academy/rf-advanced-web-katas: exercises/01-rest-api.md

## Learning Goals

- You grasp the basics of making REST API requests with Robot Framework.

## Introduction

REST API based testing or RPA can be done in multiple different ways in Robot Framework.

> You can of course do this with your own custom library using Python's `requests`

Reviewer: Maybe add link to the documentation as well:
```suggestion
You can of course do this with your own custom Robot Framework library using 3rd-party [`requests`](https://docs.python-requests.org/en/latest/) library
```

Author: Good idea.
